README.md, before:

# Action pull request another repository 
This GitHub Action copies a folder from the current repository to a location in another repository and create a pull request

## Example Workflow
    name: Push File

    on: push

    env:
      GITHUB_TOKEN: ${{ secrets.YOUR-TOKEN }}

    jobs:
      pull-request:
        runs-on: ubuntu-latest
        steps:
        - name: Checkout
          uses: actions/checkout@v2

        - name: Create pull request
          uses: car-on-sale/action-pull-request-another-repo@version
          env:
            API_TOKEN_GITHUB: ${{ env.GITHUB_TOKEN }}
          with:
            source_folder: 'source-folder'
            destination_repo: 'user-name/repository-name'
            destination_folder: 'folder-name'
            destination_base_branch: 'branch-name'
            destination_head_branch: 'branch-name'
            user_email: 'user-name@paygo.com.br'
            user_name: 'user-name'
            pull_request_reviewers: 'reviewers'
            pr_title: 'feat: the pr title'

## Variables
* source_folder: The folder to be moved. Uses the same syntax as the `cp` command. Incude the path for any files not in the repositories root directory.
* destination_repo: The repository to place the file or directory in.
* destination_folder: [optional] The folder in the destination repository to place the file in, if not the root directory.
* user_email: The GitHub user email associated with the API token secret.
* user_name: The GitHub username associated with the API token secret.
* pr_title: The pull request title
* destination_base_branch: [optional] The branch into which you want your code merged. Default is `main`.
* destination_head_branch: The branch to create to push the changes. Cannot be `master` or `main`.
* pull_request_reviewers: [optional] The pull request reviewers. It can be only one (just like 'reviewer') or many (just like 'reviewer1,reviewer2,...')
* commit_msg [optional] The commit message which will be used. **default** `Update from https://github.com/$GITHUB_REPOSITORY/commit/$GITHUB_SHA`


## ENV
* API_TOKEN_GITHUB: You must create a personal access token in you account. Follow the link:
- [Personal access token](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/github/authenticating-to-github/creating-a-personal-access-token)

> You must select the scopes: 'repo = Full control of private repositories', 'admin:org = read:org' and 'write:discussion = Read:discussion'; 


## Behavior Notes
The action will create any destination paths if they don't exist. It will also overwrite existing files if they already exist in the locations being copied to. It will not delete the entire destination repository.

Commit message:

Update README with howto generate/refresh a token

README.md, after:

# Action pull request another repository
This GitHub Action copies a folder from the current repository to a location in another repository and create a pull request

## Example Workflow
    name: Push File

    on: push

    env:
      GITHUB_TOKEN: ${{ secrets.YOUR-TOKEN }}

    jobs:
      pull-request:
        runs-on: ubuntu-latest
        steps:
        - name: Checkout
          uses: actions/checkout@v2

        - name: Create pull request
          uses: car-on-sale/action-pull-request-another-repo@version
          env:
            API_TOKEN_GITHUB: ${{ env.GITHUB_TOKEN }}
          with:
            source_folder: 'source-folder'
            destination_repo: 'user-name/repository-name'
            destination_folder: 'folder-name'
            destination_base_branch: 'branch-name'
            destination_head_branch: 'branch-name'
            user_email: 'user-name@paygo.com.br'
            user_name: 'user-name'
            pull_request_reviewers: 'reviewers'
            pr_title: 'feat: the pr title'

## Variables
* source_folder: The folder to be moved. Uses the same syntax as the `cp` command. Incude the path for any files not in the repositories root directory.
* destination_repo: The repository to place the file or directory in.
* destination_folder: [optional] The folder in the destination repository to place the file in, if not the root directory.
* user_email: The GitHub user email associated with the API token secret.
* user_name: The GitHub username associated with the API token secret.
* pr_title: The pull request title
* destination_base_branch: [optional] The branch into which you want your code merged. Default is `main`.
* destination_head_branch: The branch to create to push the changes. Cannot be `master` or `main`.
* pull_request_reviewers: [optional] The pull request reviewers. It can be only one (just like 'reviewer') or many (just like 'reviewer1,reviewer2,...')
* commit_msg [optional] The commit message which will be used. **default** `Update from https://github.com/$GITHUB_REPOSITORY/commit/$GITHUB_SHA`


## ENV
* `API_TOKEN_GITHUB`: You must create a personal access token in you account. Follow the link:
- [Personal access token](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/github/authenticating-to-github/creating-a-personal-access-token)

- set Caplena as owner
- grant repository access on:
  - All repositories
- add following permissions:
  - Read only
    - Metadata (this should be added automatically, no need to explicitly selected)
  - Read and write:
    - Contents, Dependabot secrets, Discussions, Issues, Pull Requests

### Refresh the access token

Currently the access token is a personal access token created in someone's account. The token has access to Caplena
organization which enforces tokens to expire in maximum 60 days.

To refresh an expired token:

1. Click on regenerate on an already created token OR generate a new personal token as per instructions above

2. Copy paste the token in 1pass (this is just a backup) under `gh token for labelhippoapi ci` (should be shared under Caplena Engineering)

3. Update the `CAPLENACI` github secret under Caplena/Settings/Secrets and variables/Actions with the new token


## Behavior Notes
The action will create any destination paths if they don't exist. It will also overwrite existing files if they already exist in the locations being copied to. It will not delete the entire destination repository.
